partnership essentials (#448)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/app-development/app-builder-partnership-essentials.md

- **Account requirements** (Technology Partner Program) - The next step is to [create a Technology Partner Program (TPP) account](https://partners.adobe.com/technologyprogram/experiencecloud/registration.html), which is required to access App Builder, the Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service sandbox and the App Builder sandbox, whether you are a Solution Implementer (SI) or Tech partner.

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>

If you are a Solution Partner Program (SPP) partner, you will need to create a Technology Partner Program (TPP) account to access these environments.

### Request a Technology Partner Program (TPP) account

1. [Join the Technology Partner Program (TPP)](https://partners.adobe.com/technologyprogram/experiencecloud/registration.html) by using your personal corporate email address. Each registrant will need to use an Adobe ID. After joining, Adobe will assign an Independent Software Vendor (ISV), a TPP organization, and an App Builder sandbox associated with that organization.

> 1. **Additional users** - The first TPP registrant using their AdobeID email is assoicated with the TPP org. Any additional users who need to submit or manage App Builder listings need to have their AdobeID email added to the TPP org. You can do so by creating a case ticket with [TPP Support](https://partners.adobe.com/ec/cform/case).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Additional users** - The first TPP registrant using their Adobe ID email is associated with the TPP organization. Any additional users who need to submit or manage App Builder listings need to have their Adobe ID email added to the TPP organization. You can do so by creating a case ticket with [TPP Support](https://partners.adobe.com/ec/cform/case).
```

   - [Create an App Builder listing](https://developer.adobe.com/developer-distribution/experience-cloud/docs/guides/submission/app-builder-submission#creating-a-listing) using the zip file you created when building your App Builder app.
   - Then create a public profile before submitting your first App Builder listing.

1. **Submit a listing for Review:**

   - Review the [Adobe Exchange Marketplace publishing requirements](./app-submission-guidelines.md) to ensure your submission is correct to avoid delaying approval of your listing.
   - Adobe brand and code reviewers will [review the App Builder listing](https://developer.adobe.com/developer-distribution/experience-cloud/docs/guides/submission/app-builder-submission#reviewing-a-submission) and provide confirmation upon approval. If it is incomplete, Adobe will provide you with feedback.

## Variations

> - Independent Software Vendors (ISVs) can publish the listing under their name, if they have an AdobeID associated with a TPP org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Independent Software Vendors (ISVs) can publish the listing under their name, if they have an Adobe ID associated with a TPP organization.
```

- Solution Implementers (SIs) can:

>   - Publish the listing under their name, if they have joined the Technology Partner Program (TPP) with their AdobeID associated with a TPP org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Publish the listing under their name, if they have joined the Technology Partner Program (TPP) with their Adobe ID associated with a TPP organization.
```
